## 0.4.1 / 2015-05-12

* Fixed missing comma in bin script.

## 0.4.0 / 2015-05-11

* Mithril 0.2 component support:
  * `<TitleCase>` and `<nested.object>` tags are now treated as Mithril
    components - `<lowercase>` and `<lowercase-hyphenated>` tags are treated as
    regular tags.
  * Component attributes will be passed as the second argument to
    `m.component()`.
  * Component child contents will be wrapped in an array and passed as the third
    argument to `m.component()`.

* Merged in changes since JSX Transformer 0.12.2 up to the last version before
  React's visitors were moved into jstransform itself.
  * Removed hardcoded list of known tags. Any lowercase name, allowing for
    hyphenation, is now accepted as an HTML tag.
  * New transforms: es6-call-spread, reserved-words

## 0.3.0 / 2015-01-27

* Changed license back to MIT, now that React is licensed under BSD.

* Merged in changes since JSX Transformer 0.10.0 up to the current release
  version, 0.12.2:
  * The `/* @jsx m */` pragma is no longer needed - Mithril's `m()` function is
    assumed to be in scope.
  * More [ES6 transforms](http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/#jsx) are
    supported when using the `harmony` flag.
  * [JSX Spread Attributes](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/jsx-spread.html)
    allow you to merge objects into a tag's attrs, but with MSX you must ensure
    `Object.assign()` is available in order to use them.
  * More HTML and SVG tag names are supported.
  * Inline sourcemaps can be generated by passing a `sourceMap: true` option (or
    `--source-map-inline` flag on the command line).

## 0.2.1 / 2015-01-26

* Added a `no-precompile` option to the `msx` command.

* Added a `precompile` option, defaulting to `true`.

## 0.2.0 / 2015-01-24

* Known tag names are now precompiled to tag objects \[[liamcurry]\]
  * Unknown tag names will continue to generate `m()` calls

## 0.1.3 / 2014-03-26

* Added `msx` command when installed globally

## 0.1.2 / 2014-03-21

* Changed tag name string to use double quotes for consistency with other text
  content output

## 0.1.1 / 2014-03-21

* Changed to Apache 2.0 License, as per React

## 0.1.0 / 2014-03-21

* Initial release

[liamcurry]: https://github.com/liamcurry